Align Repo & Client, extension vs system issues throughout docs (#80)
wmde/wikidata-wikibase-architecture: systems/WikibaseClient/03-Context_and_Scope.md

### Technical Context

Wikibase Client is implemented as a collection of [MediaWiki extensions](../overview/12-Glossary.md#mediawiki-extension).

> These are "plugins" (= extensions) that lives inside [MediaWiki](../overview/12-Glossary.md#mediawiki) and adds functionality to it, which is reflected in this context diagram by embedding the Wikibase Client subsystem into a higher-level MediaWiki application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are "plugins" (= extensions) that live inside [MediaWiki](../overview/12-Glossary.md#mediawiki) and add functionality to it, which is reflected in this context diagram by embedding the Wikibase Client subsystem into a higher-level MediaWiki application.
```
